Update README.md (#776)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/README.md

The [Airfare](https://handbook.mattermost.com/education/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#airfare-and-traveling), [Meals and Entertainment](https://handbook.mattermost.com/education/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#meals-and-entertainment), and [Hotel](https://handbook.mattermost.com/education/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#hotel-and-lodging) policies take precedence even in the case of team events or meetups.

> Team off sites where travel and overnight stays are required, have a budget of $250 per person per day, which includes lodging, meals and meeting spaces. It does not include travel costs or external partner and customer dinners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team off sites where travel and overnight stays are necessary, we encourage staff to use their best judgment. Historically, the average cost is $250 USD per person per day which includes meals, lodging, and meeting spaces. Travel costs like airfare and rideshares or external partner and customer dinners are considered an additional expenditure and should seek [manager approval](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/finance/staff-member-expenses/how-to-spend-company-money#manager-approval) first. 
```

Reviewer 2: Great update, @TQuock!

Reviewer: @amynicol1985 does the above work for you?

> Team off sites where travel and overnight stays are necessary, we encourage staff to use their best judgment. Historically, the average cost is $250 USD per person per day which includes meals, lodging, and meeting spaces. Travel costs like airfare and rideshares or external partner and customer dinners are considered an additional expenditure and should seek [manager approval](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/finance/staff-member-expenses/how-to-spend-company-money#manager-approval) first. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For team off sites, where travel and overnight stays are necessary, we encourage staff to use their best judgment. Historically, the average cost is $250 USD per person per day which includes meals, lodging, and meeting spaces. Travel costs like airfare, ride shares, or external partner and customer dinners are considered an additional expenditure and should seek [manager approval](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/finance/staff-member-expenses/how-to-spend-company-money#manager-approval) first. 
```
